Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
are those a little bit dry there are a
little bit dry yeah here if I can eat
this it's just a charm a face eat the
whole man drop that guy taters
oh my god get out of here get open the
door open the door open the door open
the door open the door open the door
holy [__]
[Music]
this episode is brought to you by Nord
VPN you know recently Nord VPN got in
trouble not in trouble really but they
came under scrutiny because their their
servers got hacked well actually they
wanted me to tell you it wasn't a hack a
hack would imply like a failure within
their software but a dude actually broke
into their server warehouse and access
to info through a terminal
because of this failure they actually
bought their own servers so they could
have proper security so even though I
refer to it as a hack it really ain't
and they had always told us that they
didn't keep logs of the things we're
looking at but we really just kind of
had to take their word for it
but it turns out that get them getting
hacked was the best damn thing to ever
happen nor VPN if you're watching this
I'm saying it right now you getting
hacked was a good thing for you while
people were upset at the headline Nord
VPN gets hacked if you actually read the
article it turns out that the pita the
hackers were unable to get any
information because the nor VPN doesn't
retain any information they don't save
it sorry Nord I've been sponsored by you
for a year but I didn't really trust you
until you got hacked and those people
confirmed it it did nothing but just you
know put myself at ease knowing that the
weird things I look at aren't public
knowledge and they'll never be public
knowledge because you batten down the
hatches nice and good god damn this
fires hot [__] my track suits melting to
my body anyways because Nord VPN knows
that you're going home for the holidays
and are probably on your mom's Wi-Fi
search and all sorts of weird crap
they're giving you a special offer for
these holidays so light up that menorah
put on those 3d glasses and sit down
because it's coming at you save 81
percent and because it's the holidays
they're giving out four extra months
aboard VPN and Nord pass for free Nord
passes like this Dane that saves your
passwords for you
so go to Nord VPN comport slash general
salmon use code general Sam or you could
just use the link in the description and
get this awesome deal if you guys want
your browsing secure you get that Nord
VPN take out your back ok when we kill
stuff we have to kill it with kindness
that's my new challenge for today tell
me with kindness we're gonna make them
ginger snap cookies I'm gonna wish them
well for the rest of the year yeah we're
gonna give them sciatica nerve massages
ok bro calm down with in the way sir you
look like you're having problem in your
upper thigh let me give you this
sciatica nerve massage and they'll say
oh you've given me a heart attack
with all your kindness I said I would do
what it takes to kill them with kindness
I'm here to go down lit it again it's
fun I told you grandma wrinkled you gets
to find a lot she goes oh let me get I'm
let me again coming up coming up loot
man on the case I shall loot the man and
bring the loop back well that's just
what I do
I am loot man slaver ah by legis blacks
hey what's not one of you how's it feel
to get black [__] go away dude come on
[__] your shoe boy leg no leave the
audacity of this game having a character
and it called the rapist
I noticed that earlier sickens me it's a
different culture
it definitely that's what I figured if
he leaves with his name though like hi
I'm the rapist at least you know what
you're gonna get there's no surprise
it's actually feeling it's a woman
believe it or not so
we're being sexist assuming a woman
can't be read week you're right now this
is a stately businesswoman you tell she
gets right down to brass tacks on what
she wants by god I'm gonna have that
penis and there's nothing you can do to
stop it
I'll get the profitable room don't worry
about it don't worry about I got it I
got it it's fine
I just got an MPX it's fine yeah well
Luke gooders how about that you fire I
probably just woke up my kid thanks
Obama
oh and a check then okay the first guy
dropped I believe in you check some more
just to check one more time no I don't
think he's there I think it's clear go
on in
you see that big open door right there
that's what we got ahead - all right
that big hangar hangar is also slang for
breasts I've never heard that one
yo yo let me get a peep of them hangers
hangers rather go like around and like
go to the roof I know he's coming the
Downs coming in okay he's a player he's
all the way up
[Music]
ahead of at least twice a bad taste here
dude Jesus Ashley yeah the late look at
the box it takes a Walmart goodness and
inside you can have all sorts of crap
crazy story meds to mid boxes cuz meds a
red for now what are you getting that
[__] he got press release get dude the
press kit had nothing and [__] no no I
thought [__] you I bought this [__] love
you're gone [__] I spent five
hundred thousand a pop on those stupid
things and in the scab junk box five
hundred thousand hand jobs for the
[__] press get it there rattling
notice Bradley is cost-effective you
know hey you see this it's bought
another one yeah hey maybe it came with
some better gameplay inside you know I'm
just gonna discard it that's how much
money I have [__] you
singing that was a mill yeah that was a
mill yeah he's trying to be all tough
but it's gonna [__] hurt it's
literally gonna go to bed in crime out
real quick yo guys can you roll back
this over like two servings oh dude I
flex for the me my place it in my bed
kind of regretted though dude look at
this thing it's like I'm blind in the
daylight
oh right the Finn's nice alright I'm
gonna start looking around for a car get
is this I got another guy
I think his friend is afk really was a
kid yeah oh he's friendless if y'all see
you know what I'm not getting anything
to you now
cuz you start moving Dargis though I
[__] can't stand it really wait what
irrelevant stand it at all it's it's
parting for me man like smells smells
just [__] ruin it dude I'm you know
what I'm all game fart if you want as
long as it's not in doggy style I'm fine
you feel like in jettison into your
belly button it spreads your belly hair
like the [__] like Moses with the Red
Sea oh dude there's a guy on the other
side maybe I got you just run upstairs
didn't want me to just run up standing
over here Billy no Brian dude just ran
upstairs across from us I laid down on
the floor to the Aqua no we're standing
next to each other and we're downtown me
[Music]
I'm talking there Brian
yeah but we're in that building yeah
it's directly in front of me I see his
feet wiggling around nobody's moving
right no we're we're yeah
I think you might be out of your [__]
mind
are you sure upstairs umm help see hit
it wiggle I just watched it move again
oh I see yeah yeah what are you guys
moving right now
hey guys moving right now we're not
moving out our feet now we're standing
so he's in the building with us through
a jump check he's jumping jumping
okay that's Sam okay Sam here are you
guys looking at me from people but can
they be you there under the Train look
at him they're crawling at us oh my god
wait who is a sight on their toes that's
awesome dude that's four do I'll trade
you I will trade you on God than that
now this is mine mine it's it's
professional built only for use for
professionals my oh my shotgun shotgun
plus my helmet for that toss I don't
even need a helmet I could just cut my
hands over my head I'm walking out of
here with that shotgun that's what's
gonna happen
yes swap guns yeah he was like he
offered he's very gracious boy a shotgun
at one now you threaten to murder
no I didn't just he offered to give it
up he's a cool guy
[Music]